PageSize

PageSize allows the user to resize a page, choosing where to anchor the page's
contents and whether to scale distances and/or sizes based on the ratio of the
page's new size to its old size.

It is recommended that this script be used in conjunction with the CommandShell
module, which will improve output formatting and command discovery.


Commands:

The "pagesize" command operates in three modes:

    !pagesize [options] X Y
	Adjust both width and height of the page.

    !pagesize [options] x X
	Adjust only the width of the page.

    !pagesize [options] y Y
	Adjust only the height of the page.

X and Y can either be absolute (N), which will set the relevant dimension to the
given size, or relative (+N, -N), which will adjust the relevant dimension by
the specified amount.  Numbers are given in squares.

By default, if a token is selected, its page will be used.  If no token is
selected but the player executing the command is assigned to a page, that page
will be used.  Otherwise, the page with the player ribbon will be used.  It is
possible to specify other pages to be resized (see options below).

The "pagesize" command accepts the following options:

    -h, --help			Displays a help message and exits.

    -p ID, --page ID		Adjusts the size of the specified page.

    -P, --playerpage		Adjusts the size of the page with the player
				ribbon.

    -a POS, --anchor POS	Anchors existing contents to a particular area
				(default is top-left, which leaves contents in
				place on the screen and adjusts the bottom and
				right edges).  Available values (and aliases):
					top-left (tl, upper-left, ul)
					top (t, center-top, ct)
					top-right (tr, upper-right, ur)
					left (l, center-left, cl)
					center (c, center-center, cc)
					right (r, center-right, cr)
					bottom-left (bl, lower-left, ll)
					bottom (b, center-bottom, cb)
					bottom-right (br, lower-right, lr)

    -e MODE, --edge MODE	Adjusts existing contents in the specified mode:
					push	Moves contents which falls
						outside the new edges to the
						nearest positions inside the
						new edges (default).
					crop	Removes contents which falls
						outside the new edges.
					scale	Scales distances based on the
						ratio of the new size to the old
						size (e.g. a token which was
						1/3 of the way across the page
						will be moved to 1/3 of the way
						across the new page size).
					stretch	As scale, but resizes contents
						as well as moving them.


Examples:

!pagesize 10 12
    Resizes the default page (see above) to 10 squares wide by 12 squares high

!pagesize -P x +2
    Adds two columns on the right side of the page with the player ribbon

!pagesize -p -JpzPx2j_9piP09ceyOv y -1
    Removes one row from the bottom of the specified page.  Anything whose
    center is below the new bottom of the page will be moved up until it is
    fully inside the page.

!pagesize +1 +2 -a rc
    Adds one column on the left and one row each on the top and bottom of the
    default page.

!pagesize x -3 -e crop
    Removes the rightmost three columns from the default page, deleting anything
    which is no longer visible (items with even one pixel's worth of size within
    the visible area are left in place).

!pagesize +25 +25 -e scale
    Adds 25 rows and columns to the default page.  Assuming the page was 25x25
    before this command was executed, everything on the page will have its
    coordinates doubled (note that, as each square of the old size represents
    a 2x2 grid of the new size, single-square tokens will end up at the center
    of 2x2 grids, rather than fully in any one square).

!pagesize +25 +25 -e stretch
    As the previous example, but everything on the page will have its size
    doubled as well (effectively zooming in and doubling the grid density).
