Cron

Cron allows a user to schedule commands to run at some point in the future.
Jobs can be scheduled based on the turn tracker or clock time (relative to now
or at some specific time in the future), and can optionally recur at a specified
interval.  Each job is given a unique ID, which can be used to remove it at a
later time.

It is recommended that this script be used in conjunction with the CommandShell
module, which will improve output formatting and command discovery.


Commands:

The "cron" command operates in several modes:

    !cron [options] command
	Schedules the specified command to be run later.  Available options are
	described in detail below.

    !cron -l
	Lists all scheduled jobs.

    !cron -R job_ID ...
	Removes one or more scheduled jobs.

The "cron" command accepts the following options:

    -h, --help			Displays a help message and exits.

    -r N, --rounds N		The first execution of the command will be in N
				rounds.  If an initiative count is not specified
				(see below), the current count will be used, or
				0 if none is available.  Cannot be used with
				time-based arguments.
    -c N, --count N		The command will execute on initiative count N.
				If the number of rounds in the future is not
				specified (see above), it will default to the
				next time the specified count comes up.  Cannot
				be used with time-based arguments.
    -t T, --time T		The first execution of the command will be at
				time T (HH:MM:SS).  If not all values are given,
				zeroes will be added to the smaller end (e.g.
				"1:23" will be interpreted as "1:23:00").  Times
				are in GMT and will be interpreted to be within
				the next 24 hours.  Cannot be used with
				initiative-based arguments.
    -a T, --after T		The first execution of the command will be after
				interval T (HH:MM:SS).  If not all values are
				given, zeroes will be added to the larger end
				(e.g. "1:23" will be interpreted as "00:01:23").
				Cannot be used with initiative-based arguments.
    -i I, --interval I		The command will be repeated every I rounds or
				I time (HH:MM:SS).  If rounds or count is given,
				or if I is a single number, I will be considered
				a number of rounds.  Otherwise, I will be
				considered as a time interval, with zeroes added
				to the larger end to fill missing values (e.g.
				"1:23" will represent 1 minute and 23 seconds).
				If no first execution time is specified, the
				first execution will be I rounds or seconds in
				the future.
    -n N, --runs N		When combined with -i/--interval, the job will
				be automatically removed after it is executed N
				times.
    -f USER, --from USER	The command will be executed as USER.  This need
				not be a player or character in the game.

    -A N, --advance N		Advance the round counter by N rounds.  This
				will cause initiative-based jobs to advance as
				if the tracker had been advanced through N full
				rounds.

    -l, --list			List all scheduled jobs.

    -R, --remove		Remove all specified jobs.  All other arguments
				will be considered job IDs (so multiple jobs
				can be removed with one command like
				"!cron -R 1 5 8").


Examples:

!cron -r 10 The bomb's timer reaches zero!  It explodes for [[10d10]] damage.
    Called on the initiative count in which the bomb's timer is set, it will
    explode in 10 rounds.

!cron -c 12 -i 1 -f "Hey, eejit!" /w gm Don't forget the spider's turn
    A forgetful GM might use this subtle reminder that the party's mage summoned
    a spider which acts on the mage's initiative count (12, in this example).

!cron -f "Acid Rain" -i 1 The acid burns for [[2d6]] damage.
    Inline roll results are stripped from the command and replaced with the
    original roll expression.  Long story short: the above gives a new damage
    roll each round.

!cron -f Nanny -t 23:00 Bedtime for sleepy-head.  Time to wrap things up.
    Be aware that the time zone is GMT, not local time of the client who runs
    the command.

!cron -a 30 Hey!  It's 30 seconds later than when I typed this.
    Probably more useful with larger delay amounts.

!cron -t 0:00:00 -i 1:00:00 /desc The clock chimes.
    This will fire every hour, on the hour.  (Can also just do "-t 0").

!cron -r 10 "!cron -R 42"
    This will remove job 42 after 10 rounds.  Note that the quotes are required
    around commands which contain tokens which are valid !cron arguments (e.g.
    "-R").  Without the quotes, this will immediately remove job 42.

!cron -a 1 &{template:default} {{name=Test}} {{foo=bar}}
    As of version 0.5, templates are handled correctly, and do not need (or
    support) &amp;-escaping.
