ObjectProperties

ObjectProperties allows the user to get and set properties of specified objects.
This provides quick access to token IDs, image URLs, etc., as well as the
ability to set token bar values, move tokens, and various other tricks which
would otherwise require (very small) specialized scripts.

It is recommended that this script be used in conjunction with the CommandShell
module, which will improve output formatting and command discovery.


Commands:

    !getprop [options] [property1] [property2] ...
	Gets specified properties (or all properties, if none specified) of
	specified (or selected) object(s).

    !setprop [options] property1 value1 [property2 value2] ...
	Sets specified properties of specified (or selected) object(s) to the
	specified values.

Valid properties can be found in the API documentation.  ObjectProperties only
accesses directly-accessible properties, so BLOB properties like "bio", "notes",
and "gmnotes" are inaccessible, as are properties the API can't access (like
"_defaulttoken").

The above commands accept the following options:

    -h, --help			Displays a help message and exits.

    -t T, --type T		Specifies the type (e.g. graphic) of objects
				specified after this argument.  Can be passed
				multiple times to get properties of objects of
				different types (see examples below).  Does not
				directly specify any objects (use -i, -n, etc.,
				described below).

    -i ID, --id ID		Specifies the ID of an object.  This should come
				after a -t option to specify the type for more
				efficient lookup.  Can be passed multiple times
				to specify multiple objects.

    -n NAME, --name NAME	Specifies the name of an object, for types which
				have a "name" property.  This should come after
				a -t option in order to be unique (without a
				type, this will affect all objects with the
				specified name).

    -r, --relative		When setting properties, the new value will be
				added to the existing value, rather than
				overwriting it.


Examples:

!getprop
    Will display all properties of each selected object.

!getprop -t graphic -i -Jp3illTx5IjO2NMoxEC name
    Will display the name of the specified graphic object (token).

!getprop -n Fighter _id _type
    Will display the ID and type of all objects named "Fighter" (e.g. a
    character and its associated tokens).

!getprop _pageid
    Will display the ID of the page containing the selected object (an easy way
    for a GM to get the ID of the page currently being viewed).

!setprop -r top 70 left -70
    Will move the selected object(s) one square down and one square left.

!setprop top +70 left -70
    CAUTION: Unlike the previous command, this will move the selected object(s)
    to the coordinates (-70,70), or off the left edge of the map along the first
    horizontal grid line.

!setprop -r bar1_value -3
    Will subtract 3 from bar 1 of the selected token(s).

!setprop bar1_value -3
    CAUTION: Will set bar 1 of the selected token(s) to "-3".
