Animation

Animation allows the user to define and run animations consisting of images from
a Roll20 user library.  Each frame's duration, position, and orientation can be
set independently of the other frames, as can aura and light properties.

It is recommended that this script be used in conjunction with the CommandShell
module, which will improve output formatting and command discovery.


Commands:

All Animation commands are accessed via the "anim" command, which provides the
following subcommands (each described in greater detail in its own section):

    !anim help [COMMAND]
	Display a help message.  If COMMAND is specified, the help message will
	detail the usage of the specified subcommand.  Otherwise, the help
	message will summarize all available subcommands.

    !anim add TYPE [...]
	Add/name a new image, animation, or frame (as determined by TYPE).  See
	"!anim add" section below for full subcommand details.

    !anim edit TYPE [...]
	Edit an existing image, animation, or frame (as determined by TYPE). See
	"!anim edit" section below for full subcommand details.

    !anim remove TYPE [...]
	Remove an existing image, animation, or frame (as determined by TYPE).
	See "!anim remove" section below for full subcommand details.

    !anim list TYPE [...]
	Display information about existing images, animations, or frames (as
	determined by TYPE).  See "!anim list" section below for full subcommand
	details.

    !anim run NAME [options]
	Run a specified animation.  See "!anim run" section below for full
	subcommand details.


Subcommand Reference:

The "!anim add" subcommand operates in three modes:

    !anim add image NAME [URL]
	Names the specified image for later reference.  If URL is not provided,
	the image for the currently selected token will be used.  In either
	case, the relevant image must come from a Roll20 user library.

    !anim add animation NAME [CYCLES]
	Creates an empty animation.  If CYCLES is specified, it is the default
	number of times to cycle through the animation when it is played.  If
	not, the default is 1.

    !anim add frame ANIMATION IMAGE DURATION [options]
	Adds a frame to the specified animation.  IMAGE can be either a URL or
	the name of an image defined with "!anim add image".  DURATION is the
	amount of time (in milliseconds) that the frame will be displayed when
	the animation is run.

The "!anim add frame" subcommand accepts the following options:

    -x X, -y Y		Frame offset (in pixels) from the animation origin
			(default: 0, i.e. centered at animation center)

    -w W, --width W	Frame width in pixels (default: 70, i.e. 1 square)
    -h H, --height H	Frame height in pixels (default: 70, i.e. 1 square)

    -r A, --rotation A	Frame rotation in degrees, relative to the animation's
			orientation (default: 0, i.e. aligned with animation)

    -a R, --aura R	Radius (in page units) of frame's aura (default: none)
    --auracolor C	Color of frame's aura (default: #FFFF99)
    --aurasquare	Make frame's aura square (default: circle)

    -t C, --tint C	Color tint to be applied to frame (default: none)

    -l R, --light R	Radius (in page units) of light emitted by frame
			(default: none)
    -d R, --dim R	Radius (in page units) at which frame's light begins to
			dim (default: none)
    --lightangle A	Angle (in degrees) of light emitted by frame
			(default: 360)

    -i I, --insert I	Index (0-based) at which to insert new frame
			(default: after last frame)

    -C I, --copy I	Index (0-based) of frame to copy.  Any arguments which
			set frame properties will override the copied properties
			(for example, spinning an image can be accomplished by
			creating a first frame, then repeatedly calling
			"!anim add frame ANIMATION -C -1 -r A", where A is
			a number which is increased or decreased with each
			call).  If I is negative, it is relative to the
			insertion index (so "-C -1" will copy the frame just
			before the new frame).  In this form of the command, the
			IMAGE and DURATION arguments are optional.

    -I IMG, --image IMG	As IMAGE argument, for use with --copy.
    -D T, --duration T	As DURATION argument, for use with --copy.


The "!anim edit" subcommand operates in three modes:

    !anim edit image NAME [URL]
	Replaces the specified named image with a new image.  If URL is not
	provided, the image for the currently selected token will be used.  In
	either case, the relevant image must come from a Roll20 user library.

    !anim edit animation NAME CYCLES
	Sets the default number of times to cycle through the specified
	animation when it is played.

    !anim edit frame ANIMATION FRAME_INDEX [options]
	Modifies a frame of the specified animation.  FRAME_INDEX is the 0-based
	index of the frame to modify.

The "!anim edit frame" subcommand accepts the following options:

    -x X, -y Y		Frame offset (in pixels) from the animation origin

    -w W, --width W	Frame width in pixels
    -h H, --height H	Frame height in pixels

    -r A, --rotation A	Frame rotation in degrees, relative to the animation's
			orientation

    -a R, --aura R	Radius (in page units) of frame's aura
    --auracolor C	Color of frame's aura
    --aurasquare	Make frame's aura square

    -t C, --tint C	Color tint to be applied to frame

    -l R, --light R	Radius (in page units) of light emitted by frame
    -d R, --dim R	Radius (in page units) at which frame's light begins to
			dim
    --lightangle A	Angle (in degrees) of light emitted by frame

    -I IMG, --image IMG	Name or URL of frame image

    -D T, --duration T	Number of milliseconds to show frame


The "!anim remove" subcommand operates in three modes:

    !anim remove image NAME
	Removes the specified image.

    !anim remove animation NAME
	Removes the specified animation.

    !anim remove frame ANIMATION FRAME_INDEX
	Removes a frame from the specified animation.  FRAME_INDEX is the
	0-based index of the frame to remove.


The "!anim list" subcommand operates in three modes:

    !anim list image [NAME]
	If NAME is provided, will display the URL of the specified image.
	Otherwise, will list the names of all named images.

    !anim list animation [NAME]
	If NAME is provided, will display summary info about the specified
	animation.  Otherwise, will list the name and duration of each stored
	animation.

    !anim list frame ANIMATION [FRAME_INDEX]
	If FRAME_INDEX is provided, will display all properties of the specified
	frame of the specified animation.  Otherwise, will list all the frames
	of the specified animation.


The "!anim run" command displays an animation:

    !anim run NAME [options]

The "!anim run" subcommand accepts the following options:

    -x X, -y Y		Coordinates (in pixels) at which to display the
			specified animation.  If either is not specified, the
			corresponding coordinate of the currently selected
			token will be used.  If no token is used, the midpoint
			of the page will be used.

    -r A, --rotation A	Rotation (in degrees) at which to display the animation
			(default: 0, i.e. do not rotate)

    -f F, --timefactor F    Scale factor for frame durations (default: 1)

    --xscale F		Size scale factor in the X direction, affecting frame
			sizes, offsets, aura radii, and light radii (default: 1)
    --yscale F		Size scale factor in the Y direction, affecting frame
			sizes, offsets, aura radii, and light radii (default: 1)
			Aura and light radii use the average of the X and Y
			scale factors.

    --cycles N		Number of times to run through animation frames.
			Overrides the animation's cycles setting.

    -p ID, --page ID	ID of the page on which to display the animation
    -P, --playerpage	Display animation on page with player ribbon.
			If no page is specified, the page containing the
			currently selected token will be used.  If no token is
			selected, the page with the player ribbon will be used.


Examples:

!anim add image HighDensityFire
    With a token selected, will name the token's image "HighDensityFire" for
    later reference.

!anim add animation Fireball
    Will create an empty animation named "Fireball"

!anim add frame Fireball HighDensityFire 50 -w 35 -h 35 --light 10 -dim 5
    Will create a 35x35 (half-square) frame using the "HighDensityFire" image.
    The frame will last for 50ms (1/20th of a second), and will emit 5 feet
    (1 square) of bright light and 5 further feet of dim light.

!anim add frame Fireball --copy 0 --rotation 10 -w 70 -h 70 -l 20 -d 10
    Will create a 70x70 (full-square) frame using the first frame as a template.
    The new frame will be rotated 10 degrees clockwise, and will have both its
    size and light radius doubled.

!anim add frame Fireball -C -1 -I MidDensityFire -r 20 -w 140 -h 140 -l 40 -d 20
    Will create another, larger frame, using the second frame as a template.
    This one will use a different image, will be rotated a further 10 degrees
    clockwise, and will have both its size and light radius doubled again.

!anim edit frame Fireball 2 -I HighDensityFire
    If we decide the third frame was too early to switch to the "MidDensityFire"
    image, this command will change its image to "HighDensityFire".

!anim edit HighDensityFire http://...
    Will change the "HighDensityFire" image to the new image.  Note that this
    will not affect existing frames using the "HighDensityFire" image; they will
    continue to use whatever that name pointed at when they were defined.

!anim remove frame Fireball 17
    Remove the 18th frame of the "Fireball" animation.

!anim list image
    Will whisper a list of currently defined images, in alphabetical order, to
    the user who executed the command.

!anim list image HighDensityFire
    Will whisper the URL of "HighDensityFire" to the user who executed the
    command, displaying the image in the whisper.

!anim list animation
    Will whisper a list of currently defined animations, in alphabetical order,
    to the user who executed the command.

!anim list animation Spinner
    Will whisper information about the specified animation to the user who
    executed the command.

!anim list frame Fireball
    Will whisper a list of frames in the "Fireball" animation to the user who
    executed the command.

!anim list frame Fireball 0
    Will whisper all the properties of the first frame of "Fireball" to the
    user who executed the command

!anim run Fireball
    With a token selected, will run the "Fireball" animation centered on the
    selected token.

!anim run Fireball -f 5 -x 500 -y 350 --xscale 2 --yscale 2
    Will run the "Fireball" animation centered at (500,350), doubled in size
    and running in slow-motion (taking five times as long to run).
