InitiativeTracker

InitiativeTracker tracks initiative, rounds, and status conditions.  The start
of each round, as well as the start of each character's turn, can be announced
in the chat.  Status icons are automatically managed (counting down the last 9
rounds of the status duration), and status expiration can be announced in the
chat as well.

It is recommended that this script be used in conjunction with the CommandShell
module, which will improve output formatting and command discovery.


The Initiative Tracker:

The initiative tracker is triggered automatically when you sort the entries in
the turn tracker.  Under the default settings, this will generate a message
announcing the start of round 1, followed by a message announcing the start of
the turn for the character at the top of the initiative order.  These
announcements can be disabled using the "tracker" command described below.

Each time the turn tracker advances, any status effects operating on any
initiative count between the previous count and the current count will have
their durations decremented.  Any status whose new duration is zero or less will
be removed; any status whose new duration is 9 or less will have its icon
counter updated to reflect the number of rounds remaining.  If the initiative
count has wrapped around, the round counter will be incremented, and the start
of the new round will be announced (if enabled).  Finally, the start of the
next character's turn will be announced (if enabled).


Tracker Commands:

The "tracker" command provides several subcommands to affect the initiative
tracker:

    !tracker help
	Display a help message listing the various subcommands.
    !tracker round [NUM]
	If NUM is provided, set the round counter to NUM.  Otherwise, display
	the current value of the round counter.
    !tracker forward / !tracker fwd
	Advance the initiative counter to the next entry (this emulates clicking
	the "next turn" button in the turn tracker).
    !tracker back
	Rewind the initiative counter to the previous entry.
    !tracker start
	Sort all the entries in the turn tracker and begin tracking initiative.
    !tracker get [PARAM]
	If PARAM is specified, display the value of the specified configuration
	parameter.  Otherwise, display all configuration parameters.  Valid
	values for PARAM are:
	    highToLow:		Whether high initiative counts go before low
				initiative counts.
	    announceRounds:	Whether to announce the start of each round.
	    announceTurns:	Whether to announce the start of each
				character's turn.
	    announceExpiration:	Whether to announce the expiration of status
				effects.
    !tracker set PARAM [VALUE]
	Set the specified configuration parameter to VALUE.  If VALUE is
	omitted, it defaults to true.
    !tracker enable PARAM
	Set the specified configuration parameter to true.
    !tracker disable PARAM
	Set the specified configuration parameter to false.
    !tracker toggle PARAM
	Toggle the specified configuration parameter between true and false.


Status Effects:

Status effects can be set for any token in the turn tracker.  If a token is
removed from the turn tracker, any status effects on it will be removed when
its next turn would have come up.  Each status effect consists of an icon, a
description, and a duration.  When the duration expires, the status effect will
be removed automatically.

Status effects are managed via the "status" command, which provides the
following subcommands:

    !status help
	Display a help message listing the various subcommands.
    !status add DUR ICON DESC
	Add DUR rounds of a status effect with the specified icon and
	description to the selected token(s).  ICON must be one of the status
	icon names defined by Roll20 or an alias defined in the script in
	Tracker.STATUS_ALIASES.  Use "icons" subcommand for a list of icons.
    !status list / !status show
	List all status effects on the selected token(s), along with their
	remaining duration.
    !status remove [ID] / !status rem / !status delete / !status del
	Remove the specified status effect (or all status effects from the
	selected token(s) if ID is omitted).  Status effect ID can be obtained
	via the "list" subcommand.  Be aware that the ID may change if any
	tracked status is removed, so use the "list" subcommand just before
	using this subcommand.
    !status icons
	List all available status icons (in the order in which they appear in
	the popup menu), plus all aliases.

Status icon names can be somewhat cryptic.  It is recommended that you create
your own aliases for frequently-used icons.  This can be done by adding entries
in Tracker.STATUS_ALIASES, defined near the top of the script.  Each new alias
should be a key, and the associated value should be an icon name from
Tracker.ALL_STATUSES (defined just above Tracker.STATUS_ALIASES).
